SDK-3189: Fix normalization of denied request (#758)
inrupt/solid-client-access-grants-js: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Bugfixes

- `denyAccessRequest` didn't normalize the returned denied Access Grant, resulting in it having a
  JSON-LD frame different from the value returned by `approveAccessRequest`. The value is now normalized,

>   and both functions return a similarly shaped object. This also fixes the return type of `denyAccessRequest`,
>   which was looser than it should have been.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and both functions return a similarly shaped object. This also fixes the return type of `denyAccessRequest`,
  which now returns the more strict `AccessGrant` type rather than the `VerifiableCredential` type.
```
